Create ui-c8y-1021-78-2-hide-custom-properties-on-user-details-view-if-user-has-none.md (#3423)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/ui-c8y-1021-78-2-hide-custom-properties-on-user-details-view-if-user-has-none.md

---
date: ""

> title: Hide custom properties section on user details view if user has no custom properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Custom properties section hidden for users without custom properties
```

> title: Hide custom properties on user details view if user has none. (#9118) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#9309)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Hide custom properties section on user details view if user has no custom properties.
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-0UgqXH1Ys
    label: Administration
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-63700
version: 1021.78.2
---

> If a user does not have any custom properties, the custom properties section is hidden in the user details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user does not have any custom properties, the custom properties section is no longer displayed in the user details but hidden instead.
```

> If user has no custom properties, on its details view custom properties section is not displayed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a user does not have any custom properties, the custom properties section is hidden in the user details.
```

> If user has no custom properties, on it's details view custom properties section are not displayed

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If user has no custom properties, on its details view custom properties section is not displayed
```
